README.md, before:

# CloudOnce - Unified Game Services API
CloudOnce is a [Unity3D](http://unity3d.com/) plugin that provides a unified game services API for Google Play Game Sevices, iOS Game Center and Amazon GameCircle. Ease of use is the primary focus for the plugin, but it also attempts to satisfy the needs of power users.

## Contributing to this project
Did you stumble upon a bug? If you can not find anything related to your issue, feel free to report it to us in the issue tracker.

If you've improved CloudOnce and think that other people would enjoy it, submit a pull request. Anyone and everyone is welcome to contribute.

Please take a moment to review the [guidelines for contributing](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

* [Bug reports](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#bugs)
* [Feature requests](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#features)
* [Pull requests](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests)

Make sure your code works in Unity3D v5.0.0f4 and up. Code that produces warnings in the Unity3D console will not be accepted.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license, unless other is specified in file header. See [LICENSE file](./LICENSE) file in the project root for full license information.

Commit message:

Spell check and added info about documentation

README.md, after:

# CloudOnce - Unified Game Services API
CloudOnce is a [Unity3D](http://unity3d.com/) plug-in that provides a unified game services API for Google Play Game Services, iOS Game Center and Amazon GameCircle. Ease of use is the primary focus for the plug-in, but it also attempts to satisfy the needs of power users.

## Getting Started
Check out the [Getting Started](http://trollpants.github.io/CloudOnce/gettingStarted.html) guide for an overview of available features and how to implement them.

## API Documentation
If you need more technical or more complete documentation of the plug-in, you can check out the [API documentation](http://trollpants.github.io/CloudOnce/api-docs/index.html).

## Contributing to this project
Did you stumble upon a bug? If you can not find anything related to your issue, feel free to report it to us in the issue tracker.

If you've improved CloudOnce and think that other people would enjoy it, submit a pull request. Anyone and everyone is welcome to contribute.

Please take a moment to review the [guidelines for contributing](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

* [Bug reports](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#bugs)
* [Feature requests](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#features)
* [Pull requests](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests)

Make sure your code works in Unity3D v5.0.0f4 and up. Code that produces warnings in the Unity3D console will not be accepted.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license, unless other is specified in file header. See [LICENSE file](./LICENSE) file in the project root for full license information.
